Create local_dev_guide.rst (#35070)
dimagi/commcare-hq: local_dev_guide.rst

End-to-End Developer Guide
==============================================
  
Audience and Intent
-------------
The audience for this guide is software developers who are seeking to be able to run a full end-to-end software environment for CommCare, including both the CommCare HQ backend and the CommCare Android mobile applicaiton.

Following these steps will allow a developer to replicate full end-to-end functionality of the tools to support addressing issues or creating new functionality. 
  
Prerequisites
-------------

> - You have followed the `CommCare HQ "Getting Started" guide <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/master/DEV_SETUP.md>`_ to set up and run a local instance of CommCare HQ. 

Reviewer: The non-raw version of this page has nicer formatting
```suggestion
- You have followed the `CommCare HQ "Getting Started" guide <https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-hq/blob/master/DEV_SETUP.md>`_ to set up and run a local instance of CommCare HQ. 
```
